TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Introduction
1
1.1 Overview
1
1.2 Objective
1
1.3 Scope
1
1.4 Reference
1
2. Test plan and Strategy
1
2.1 Unit Testing…
2
2.2 Integration Testing…
2
2.3 Regression Testing…
2
2.4 Acceptance Testing…
2
2.5 System Testing…
2
3. System Validation
3
4. Risk and Assumptions
4
5. Evaluation
4

Introduction

        1.1 Overview

The primary purpose of the Online shopping System test plan is to discuss the details of the products customer need as use case tests. A test plan describes the different types of tests to be performed to verify system functionality, performance, security, usability, compatibility, integrity, and user acceptance of the system. A Movie ticket booking system testing program is critical to ensuring the system is reliable, secure, and user-friendly. The plan must be well structured, and comprehensive and cover all the tests necessary to ensure that the system meets the needs of the users and the business.

        1.2 Scope

The scope of work is determined at the beginning of the testing process. The project team must clearly understand which features and functions should be tested and which are out of scope. Project specifications, budget, and customer requirements should be considered in determining the scope of the test.

        1.3 Objective

The primary purpose of the Online shopping System Test Plan document is to ensure that the software meets functional and non-functional requirements and provides a high-quality user experience. The following are the main objectives of the Online shopping System test plan document:
            ▪ To describe the scope of the test process, including the type of test to be performed, the test environment, and the tools and test methods to be used.
            ▪ To identify and define all activities necessary to prepare and implement the ordering test process.
            ▪ To define the test plan, including the start and end dates for each test phase.
            ▪ To define success/failure criteria for each item to be tested

        1.4 References

The following references have been used to prepare the test plan documentation for Online shopping System systems:
            ▪ IEEE 829-1998 Software Test Documentation Standard
            ▪ Pressman S. Roger., Software engineering: A practitioner's Approach, fifth edition McGraw-Hill 2001
            ▪ Wikipedia

    2. Approach
This part of the test plan describes the overall approach to testing the Online shopping System project.
The approach to testing Online shopping System ensures that the most
important functions of the project are tested correctly. The test will be conducted in the Online shopping System when you log into the system as a customer or regular system user.

        2.1 Unit Testing
A unit test is the test that tests each individual unit of the program for errors. is primarily intended to detect errors in movie ticket booking system codes. The primary purpose of unit testing is to isolate parts of the program and check the validity of the code. The advantages of unit testing like makes it easier to modify code and allow incremental testing. At the same time, unit tests also have some drawbacks, such as not identifying all and system errors

        2.2 Integration Testing

It usually follows unit testing, with each unit tested as a separate entity. The primary purpose of integration testing is to test the functional and performance requirements of the most important elements of the project. All separately developed project modules will be integrated and tested as a complete system in the integration tests

        2.3 Regression Testing

It is typically done when changes are made to a project's source code. Regression testing can also be defined as the process of testing the change in a computer program and making sure that the old programming still works with the new change. Therefore, before a new version of a software product is released, old Project test cases are run against the modified software to ensure that the old Project functionality still works.

        2.4 Acceptance Testing

The fourth level of software testing is acceptance testing, which evaluates whether a specification or the requirements are met as per its delivery. The software has passed through three testing levels Unit Testing, Integration Testing, and System Testing. Some minor errors can still be identified when the end- user uses the system in the actual scenario. In simple words, we can say that Acceptance testing is the squeezing of all the testing processes that are previously done.

        2.5 System Testing

It mainly involves testing the entire integrated system to ensure that the developed project meets all requirements. Test cases for system testing will combine unit testing and integration testing.
    3. System Validation

The below table is used to determine whether or not a system satisfies the acceptance criteria and to determine whether or not to accept the system.


Test Case
Expected Output
Actual Output
Status

User	logging
into	the	web app

Logging into the application flashes a user/password invalid error message

Users can log in to the web application


Pass
Account details in the web app

The user wants to view his/her account details

Users are able to viewon his/her official details


Pass


Search for products in art

The user wants to view to thelist of products and types of categories available and he/she searched for
Users are able to viewon products and things available and he/she searched for



Pass


Ordering for preferred item in desired
theatre


The user wants to select the product at a cart and to order the particular product user needed


User is able to order product he/she needed



Pass

User logging out of the web app

The user wants to logout fromthe web application

The user getting redirected to the login page
Pass


Table 1.1 Validation
    4. System Verification

The below table is used to check the correctness of any element that fulfills the requirements or specifications established for it.


Test Case

Input Description

Expected Output

Status


Integrating the database to the login page user


The user provides the credentials to cross-check with the database


Validating the user into the web app or flashing an error message on the login page



Pass


Integrating the

The user provides the bank


The transaction



Pass
google pay API
and other
accounts detail and having
google pay software or any
should occur and
without losing

payment
other software
amount

methods to web



application





Viewing ordered items in cart


An user wanting to view the product

Derive the products



Pass


and rate detail for a
database that user



has ordered


Web application user interface generation


Users want to view the graphical representation of
Web application


Generation of the user interface of the web application




Pass


Table 1.2 Verification
    5. Evaluation
    • The Online shopping System application help user to order products through the internet.
    • User logged into the web application can book the search for available products in the catalog page.
    • The user can process the payment for ordering thiings by using the google pay application or any other payment application.
    • Users can view their official details in the account section of the web application.
    • Users can view their ordering official details in the cart section of the web application.
